1. Decommissioning of a Credit Decisioning service platform for retail category.
Team had idea of creating the central platform for credit decisioning. So i merged it.
New architecture is now feasible. Also i decreased the number of repos by merging some utility repos into the code.
For credit decisioning, rules are decided by business teams. They tell the developers to update those rules as per need. After updating rules, they are compiled manually into a .adb format file. That file is fed to decision engine to check whether an application is eligible or not.
I developed an automation build in this process. So, now whenever someone changes the rules and push it, an build is triggered that compiles the rules automatically and publish it our company's package storage named artifactory. Also, I have added proper versioning of .adb files.

2. Also the decisioning engine that was used is of two type: 1. cloud based and local. It costs millions to company. Cloud based costs infra and local caused license costs. So as future scope we were told to take part in hackathon in our company. It was one of the problem statements to create our own local decision standin server. There we chose backend as Java Spring boot and frontend with react plus typescript. It can save milliions of dollars of company as we can't rely on third party everytime. suppose they are down sometime or gets delayed. So first we will start as an backup to third party service and after the business teams approves it, we will slowly make it as our only standin-server.

3. Also, one more task is assigned to us in April start. It is a important task. So whenever ID theft happens to a client it eithers informs bank or Credit Report Authorities such as Transuion, Equifax, Innovis, Experian. So they inform a authority named E-Oscar which is responsible to hold data of those transactions and blocks them. Also they informs us, the bank, to check fraudulency of those transactions and block them. So this thing needs to be instant. Suppose from same account someone approached other team of our bank for some loan but as it is blocked, ideally, it should not be given. But our bank does not have a centralized repository to hold that blocked transactions information. What we will do is, whenever banks receives transactions to be checked, at that time we will place kafka producer which will publish it to topic and after that we will consume it using kafka listener in our application and update in central repository. After when fraudulency is checked, we will update that in our repository. We will used java spring boot here.